the alarm in the wood if it was referendado in the medical station we are here today in the
program there is also healthy leisure space
to show you viewers the real need for a care
special were high are sick that ours you have been exposed all
days to gain the need for care
mainly in daily cleaning cleaning qualification
hydration to fit your skin type
and technology is advanced
As a student, medical edges have the medical line.
sensational technology of the night product that it will be region
I'll show you
how it really works the industry responded
it is a product based on dilma
to and to the marine collagen manager cotton microspheres it really
does an action against the limited one in the
it works deep the skin layer
making the whole process rejuvenating
combating flaccidity and premature aging and analyzing the small lines
of expressions
the really sensational result
he abates only the income that is why he uses is hara
it is very light and influential because you can apply it
every night
first clean the damaged skin
really the need for important cleansing and toning
remembering that the line of the student these partial doctors and the whole navy
medicinal herbs and medicinal herbs
and in the clinic spa line besides being a profile
was released last generation today is a revitalizing attraction
it contains microcapsules that directly reach the cells
make a rejuvenating action insurmountable moisturizing that nutritious
so for people who really need a majority moisturizing
maintenance
for older skin
applied along with the Serbian knicks yellow line
the nutritional jeal revitalizing the sensational effect of the clinical cut
already penetrated penetrate the layer of skin
quickly reaching agents also the mp allows so it does an action
quick and immediate is innovative protection against aging fact a
need to use
a good protector salary domain with fps 30
to protect chest drives other show lamps also hurt
analysis of the
has in its line of advanced cosmetic technology also a base
the assembly that adores father to the end
invites her to start graduation she also does a treatment on her skin
rejuvenating at the same time and mainly protecting all
protection is key in any season of the treatment line
hari in vineyard is from the nose should be here and wear a super product
rejuvenating
to retard aging
mainly the existing aging in the skin actually recover
the super-league is an attraction to malnutrition, he convinces his friend and
understand better
there are several lines of expression israel said that in my deeper and
let's agree 15 pass is a stick and rejuvenator of the day
must be with the inpe he is a salary renovator
it contains narratives
the action seems to be going on
makes total night rejuvenation mainly bleaching light spots
usual contraceptive pregnancy plus 60 days doing the whole process
rejuvenating
with the fact that cement also line daily star
irons also with a special product with hyaluronic acid from the region
of the eyes is also for daytime nighttime use of your preference
contains
vitamin e and with another huge step where as I commented
really is the square delicate eye region
with an excellent installation result in eiras retarding the aging
also in this region to prove that really everything I talked about
you today in our dell loyalty program
it is clear that your medical analyst products are looking for us to seek
one of our Tuesdays in the opinion of professionals specialized in the
facial aesthetics spread throughout Brazil to receive a worldwide -
prophecy hall
even more to you
really you will feel on your skin this sensational difference
and will approve our guarantee
of our quality of aesthetics nor a sign of peace-of-state technology.
advanced
Do you also have an interest?
in becoming one of our representatives in the sought-after nose part
of earnings for local representatives with sets seems like a very
Thank you here.
we are six months old and the 24 7 4 the last winners
is a distributor in the airs creating machines with the medical distributor
portalegre